TODO/BUG LIST


TODO:
	Heavy Bug Testing / compile list of current flaws

	Implement a command window module, this is to allow/emulate
	Vim commands.

        Make preferences dialog functional

        Allow tab space to be changeable and controlled by profile

	Integrate command window to be a popup on the bottom 
	left of the editor similar to firefoxes find dialog

	Separate Print Preview from printing to make it two
	separate options

	Do more complete testing and tweaking of syntax highlighting
	for currently supported languages.

        Remember last window size on exit.

	Expand number of supported languages

	Reimplement Autocompletion support to automatically come up
	once a certain number of matching characters have been read.
        Also as part of this write a parser that dynamically checks
        functions for autocomplete support as now only base keywords
        are hard programmed into the autocomplete support.

	Improve Font settings to work with selected regions instead
	of changing whole document.

        Remember last used font settings in profile

	Integrate a TeX processor to allow for output of 'compiled'
	TeX/LaTex documents

	Create Web Developer tools to allow for previewing of HTML

	Integrate a Diff tool and splitwindow view panels for seeing
	them

	Begin Implementation of a Help Dialog for Usage of the editor

	Create a Spell Checker or Integrate an existing cross platform
	one.

	Allow for the opening of multiple files from the file open dialogs

	Develop a themeing system

        Add "open new window" option

BUGS:
	Unicode support is horribly broken and all open an save functions
	must be updated to fix this.

	Zoom keybindings do not work under Windows 

        After a Select All the selection cannot be undone by clicking on 
        the screen.

	Printing removes all leading white space from lines when
	they are printed to the paper.

	Visual Basic needs to have its coloring fixed and keywords
	checked for case sensitivity. It currently does a rather 
	poor job of highlight source code.

        Profile editor in preference dialog does not resize properly when items
        begin to overflow in it. (msw only)

